Update docs for Remote Segment and Remote Translog store stats surfaced via nodes/indices/cluster stats APIs (#4995)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/nodes-apis/nodes-stats.md

segments.version_map_memory_in_bytes | Integer | The total amount of memory used by all version maps, in bytes. 
segments.fixed_bit_set_memory_in_bytes | Integer | The total amount of memory used by fixed bit sets, in bytes. Fixed bit sets are used for nested objects and join fields.
segments.max_unsafe_auto_id_timestamp | Integer | The timestamp for the most recently retired indexing request, in milliseconds since the epoch.

> segments.remote_store | Object | Statistics about Remote Segment Store operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
segments.remote_store | Object | Statistics about remote segment store operations.
```

> segments.remote_store.upload | Object | Statistics about Remote Segment Store upload operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
segments.remote_store.upload | Object | Statistics about remote segment store upload operations.
```

segments.remote_store.upload.total_upload_size | Object | The amount of data uploaded to Remote Segment Store.
segments.remote_store.upload.total_upload_size.started_bytes | Integer | The number of bytes for which upload to Remote Segment Store has been started.
segments.remote_store.upload.total_upload_size.succeeded_bytes | Integer | The number of bytes for which upload to Remote Segment Store has succeeded.

> segments.remote_store.upload.total_upload_size.failed_bytes | Integer | The number of bytes for which upload to Remote Segment Store has failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
segments.remote_store.upload.total_upload_size.failed_bytes | Integer | The number of bytes that failed to upload to the remote segment store.
```

segments.remote_store.upload.refresh_size_lag | Object | Statistics about the bytes lag between the Remote Segment Store and local store.
segments.remote_store.upload.refresh_size_lag.total_bytes | Integer | The total bytes lag between the Remote Segment Store and local store.

> segments.remote_store.upload.refresh_size_lag.max_bytes | Integer | The maximum bytes lag between the Remote Segment Store and local store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
segments.remote_store.upload.refresh_size_lag.max_bytes | Integer | The maximum lag in bytes during the upload refresh between the remote segment store and the local store.
```

segments.remote_store.upload.max_refresh_time_lag_in_millis | Integer | The max time duration (in milliseconds) the remote refresh is behind the local refresh.
segments.remote_store.upload.total_time_spent_in_millis | Integer | The total time duration (in milliseconds) spent on uploads to the Remote Segment Store.
segments.remote_store.download | Object | Statistics about Remote Segment Store download operations.

> segments.remote_store.download.total_download_size | Object | The amount of data downloaded from Remote Segment Store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
segments.remote_store.download.total_download_size | Object | The amount of data downloaded from the remote segment store.
```

> segments.remote_store.download.total_download_size.started_bytes | Integer | The number of bytes for which download from Remote Segment Store has been started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
segments.remote_store.download.total_download_size.started_bytes | Integer | The number of bytes downloaded from the remote segment store after the download starts.
```

segments.remote_store.download.total_download_size.succeeded_bytes | Integer | The number of bytes for which download from Remote Segment Store has succeeded.
segments.remote_store.download.total_download_size.failed_bytes | Integer | The number of bytes for which download from Remote Segment Store has failed.

> segments.remote_store.download.total_time_spent_in_millis | Integer | The total time duration (in milliseconds) spent on downloads from the Remote Segment Store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
segments.remote_store.download.total_time_spent_in_millis | Integer | The total duration in milliseconds spent on downloads from the remote segment store.
```

segments.file_sizes | Integer | Statistics about the size of the segment files.
translog | Object | Statistics about transaction log operations for the node.
translog.operations | Integer | The number of translog operations.
translog.size_in_bytes | Integer | The size of the translog, in bytes.
translog.uncommitted_operations | Integer | The number of uncommitted translog operations.
translog.uncommitted_size_in_bytes | Integer | The size of uncommitted translog operations, in bytes.
translog.earliest_last_modified_age | Integer | The earliest last modified age for the translog.

> translog.remote_store | Object | Statistics about Remote Translog Store operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
translog.remote_store | Object | Statistics related to operations from the remote translog store.
```

translog.remote_store.upload | Object | Statistics about Remote Translog Store upload operations.

> translog.remote_store.upload.total_uploads | Object | The number of syncs to Remote Translog Store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
translog.remote_store.upload.total_uploads | Object | The number of syncs to the remote translog store.
```

> translog.remote_store.upload.total_uploads.started | Integer | The number of syncs to Remote Translog Store that have been started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
translog.remote_store.upload.total_uploads.started | Integer | The number of upload syncs to the remote translog store that have started.
```

> translog.remote_store.upload.total_uploads.failed | Integer | The number of syncs to Remote Translog Store that have failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
translog.remote_store.upload.total_uploads.failed | Integer | The number of failed upload syncs to the remote translog store.
```

> translog.remote_store.upload.total_uploads.succeeded | Integer | The number of syncs to Remote Translog Store that have succeeded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
translog.remote_store.upload.total_uploads.succeeded | Integer | The number of successful upload syncs to the remote translog store.
```

> translog.remote_store.upload.total_upload_size | Object | The amount of data uploaded to Remote Translog Store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
translog.remote_store.upload.total_upload_size | Object | The amount of data uploaded to the remote translog store.
```

> translog.remote_store.upload.total_upload_size.started_bytes | Integer | The number of bytes for which upload to Remote Translog Store has been started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
translog.remote_store.upload.total_upload_size.started_bytes | Integer | The number of bytes actively uploading to the remote translog store after the upload has started.
```

> translog.remote_store.upload.total_upload_size.failed_bytes | Integer | The number of bytes for which upload to Remote Translog Store has failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
translog.remote_store.upload.total_upload_size.failed_bytes | Integer | The number of bytes that failed to upload to the remote translog store.
```

> translog.remote_store.upload.total_upload_size.succeeded_bytes | Integer | The number of bytes for which upload to Remote Translog Store has succeeded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
translog.remote_store.upload.total_upload_size.succeeded_bytes | Integer | The number of bytes successfully uploaded to the remote translog store.
```

segments.remote_store.upload.total_upload_size.succeeded_bytes | Integer | The number of bytes successfully uploaded to the remote segment store.
segments.remote_store.upload.total_upload_size.failed_bytes | Integer | The number of bytes that failed to upload to the remote segment store.
segments.remote_store.upload.refresh_size_lag | Object | The amount of lag during upload between the remote segment store and the local store.
segments.remote_store.upload.refresh_size_lag.total_bytes | Integer | The total bytes that lagged during the upload refresh between the remote segment store and the local store.
segments.remote_store.upload.refresh_size_lag.max_bytes | Integer | The maximum lag in bytes during the upload refresh between the remote segment store and the local store.
segments.remote_store.upload.max_refresh_time_lag_in_millis | Integer | The maximum duration in milliseconds the remote refresh is behind the local refresh.
segments.remote_store.upload.total_time_spent_in_millis | Integer | The total time in milliseconds spent on uploads to the remote segment store.
segments.remote_store.download | Object | Statistics related to download operation to the remote segment store.

> segments.remote_store.download.total_download_size | Object | The amount of data downloaded from the remote segment store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
segments.remote_store.download.total_download_size | Object | The total amount of data download from the remote segment store.
```

translog.operations | Integer | The number of translog operations.
translog.size_in_bytes | Integer | The size of the translog, in bytes.
translog.uncommitted_operations | Integer | The number of uncommitted translog operations.
translog.uncommitted_size_in_bytes | Integer | The size of uncommitted translog operations, in bytes.
translog.earliest_last_modified_age | Integer | The earliest last modified age for the translog.
translog.remote_store | Object | Statistics related to operations from the remote translog store.
translog.remote_store.upload | Object | Statistics about upload operation to the remote translog store.
translog.remote_store.upload.total_uploads | Object | The number of syncs to the remote translog store.
translog.remote_store.upload.total_uploads.started | Integer | The number of upload syncs to the remote translog store that have started.
translog.remote_store.upload.total_uploads.failed | Integer | The number of failed upload syncs to the remote translog store.
translog.remote_store.upload.total_uploads.succeeded | Integer | The number of successful upload syncs to the remote translog store.

> translog.remote_store.upload.total_upload_size | Object | The amount of data uploaded to the remote translog store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
translog.remote_store.upload.total_upload_size | Object | The total amount of data uploaded to the remote translog store.
```
